release: v1.40.0 (#4642)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_lrlna_remove_header_in_rhai.md

> ### Add a .remove method for headers in Rhai

Author: ```suggestion
### Add a `.remove` method for headers in Rhai
```

> This allows users to remove headers in a Rhai script with a `.remove`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The router supports a new `.remove` method that enables users to remove headers in a Rhai script. 

For example:
```
